Israel's big guns pounding Gaza again
today Israel calls this operation
protective Edge but this massive assault
has now killed more than 1,300
Palestinians the vast majority of them
civilians this Army video gives a
closeup view of troops in action in Gaza
they hunting for Hamas militants and
their network of tunnels
some have already been used to get
attackers into Israel the Army says
destroying the tunnels will take a few
more days but a senior official told the
BBC that may not mean the end of the
operation say question this former
National Security adviser is even saying
Israel could reoccupy the entire Gaza
Strip as a last resort at the end of the
day we might be a situation in which we
don't have any other alternative if
Hamas will not stop launch rockets and
missiles into Israel as it did even
today we we might find ourselves in a
situation that we don't have any chance
any other alternative so you think a
reoccupation of Gaza is possible is
possible yes we are preparing ourselves
for that because we might be in a
situation that we don't have any other
alternativ so preparing
ourselves among Israelis there are
divisions about tactics but little or no
argument about the war itself here in
Israel there's overwhelming support for
the offensive in Gaza opinion polls
suggest it's as high as
90% whatever the International Community
may say whatever condemnation comes from
abroad Israelis see this as self-defense
some want the Army to go even further
look it's an army we have a war or we we
we are like a friendship friend that
just have a fight or something no it's
more than that and I'm not po oliz to
anyone even after all of these dead
Palestinian civilians no I'm sorry about
that but I'm not
apologized this was Tel Aviv on Saturday
[Applause]
night the chant from a small group of
extreme right demonstrators there's no
school in Gaza There Are No Children
left they came to Heckle an anti-war
rally organized by leftwing campaigners
they still believe in peace but say it's
now an empty word in Israel or lean BBC
News Tel Aviv